Job Description


Do you find yourself searching for a truly unique working environment? Do you have a go-getter attitude? Well, are you ready to take on a new challenge? We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst (Underwriting & Lending) to join Dot818’s growing team!

We’re looking for a special kind of candidate – someone who appreciates challenging projects, is comfortable working with a supportive team, and hungers for the freedom to think outside of the box. We also want you to care about our core values too. We have a deep commitment to success, we build strong relationships through tenacious effort, and we keep a firm focus on our client’s needs. If this sounds like your dream job, take the first step toward joining our team and apply now with your resume.

The Data Analyst is expected to thoroughly understand the credit/lending risk domain, and frequently use industry specific risk analysis best practices when operating and building predictive models. The ideal candidate would be able to design new models, frameworks, dashboards, and other tools.

Job Requirements


You should be able to:


Develop and implement underwriting and credit risk assessment data models
Track various data metrics within the lending industry
Close interaction with IT Team to design/improve data architecture
Identify optimization opportunities using predictive modeling
Develop and implement advanced custom models and algorithms
Develop tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Investigate new data sets and identify strategic opportunities for improving servicing for our customers
Build out new data flows as our product changes, and produce high-value, timely analytics relevant to the lending and underwriting industry

Qualifications

Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or any other quantitative discipline
At least 3 years’ experience in the Fintech industry working with financial underwriting models, variables, and risk assessment models.
Knowledge of R, Python, SQL
Rigorous statistical intuition, deep understanding of core statistical principles, and extensive experience with core methods
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms


Skills

You are highly organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced culture
You are a critical thinker and able to problem solve
You have strong verbal communication skills
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms


What We Offer


Competitive compensation package
Casual Fridays and major holidays off
Flexible work environment with a close-knit family feel
Paid time off, company-sponsored 401k, and employee health and wellness benefits
Company luncheons, outings, after-hour events, and team building festivities
Workplace perks such as healthy snacks, fresh brewed organic coffee, and employee discounts
Company sponsored gym membership
Company provided parking
Last, but not least, you will get to work with an amazing group of people!

If you have the experience, drive to succeed and have a can-do attitude then we are looking for you. *Please only apply to the position using the following link: https://dot818.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=23&source=aWQ9MTk%3D*

